{\rtf1\ansi
{\fonttbl{\f0 Times New Roman;}}

\pard\fs24 Beginning with ITGmania 1.2.0 for macOS, the layout for user custom content has been consolidated into a single location. It is now easier to migrate your ITGmania data between macOS and installations on other OS’s.\par
\par
\qc\fs24 Below are instructions of various ways you can migrate your user data.\par
\pard\qc\fs32\b Option 1 – Manual migration (easy)\b0\fs24\par
\pard We provided a script to help you migrate your files safely, called \b migrate-save-data.sh\b0.\par
\par
To run this, you’ll need to open the \b Terminal\b0 (one way to get here is to click the \b Go\b0 menu in Finder, and then click \b Utilities\b0 near the bottom of the menu).\par
\par
You’ll first have to allow the script, so type \b chmod +x\b0 followed by a space, and then drag \b migrate-save-data.sh\b0 onto the Terminal window. Then press Enter.\par
\par
Next, drag \b migrate-save-data.sh\b0 onto the Terminal window again, and press Enter to run it. You will be asked if you want to move or copy your data into the new location. It’s safe to move it as long as ITGmania is not running. Otherwise, you can copy it, if you would rather have your old save data left untouched.\par
\par
\qc\fs32\b Option 2 – Manual migration (more involved)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\bullet\tab You can easily access the ITGmania data folder by clicking the \b Go\b0 menu in Finder, selecting \b Go to Folder…\b0, and then pasting in the following path (beginning with the tilde)\par
\pard\qc\b ~/Library/Application Support/ITGmania\b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\bullet\tab To manually move your content, your old user data will be stored in the following locations.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\bullet\tab ~/Library/Preferences/ITGmania contains the content that needs to be in the Save directory (~/Library/Preferences/ITGmania/Save)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\bullet\tab ~/Library/Logs/ITGmania contains your log files. It is not important to move these, but you can if you’d like to.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\bullet\tab ~/Library/Caches/ITGmania – do not move your old cache in, as it will be found to be invalid and rebuilt; simply delete this to make space.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\bullet\tab ~/Pictures/ITGmania Screenshots contents will now be in ~/Library/Preferences/ITGmania/Screenshots\par
}
